Added the option to override where to fetch docker images in xrom (#352)
nextools/metarepo: packages/xrom/readme.md

const { browserWSEndpoint } = await runBrowser({ browser: 'chromium' })
const browser = await puppeteer.connect({ browserWSEndpoint })
```

> ### Overriding the docker root url to another set of browser images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Overriding the docker root URL to another set of browser images
```

> Incase you want to use your own or some other set of docker images of chromium and/or firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the root URL to use some other set of docker images of Chromium and/or Firefox.
```

> Make sure the final link which is evaluated as `${dockerUrlRoot}/${browser}:${version}` points to a valid public docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the final link, which is evaluated as `${dockerUrlRoot}/${browser}:${version}`, points to a docker image that is valid and public.
```
